README.md, before:

# activity journal

This is a simple no-guarantee tool to create a journal of the notes of your own
Strava activities.

# Installation

None. For now, clone the git repository and run the scripts.

# Usage

1. Register your own API app on the Strava website and create a `settings.py`
   from `settings-template.py` file with the corresponding info.

2. Get your latest activities from Strava and add them to your local database
running `update-data.py`. If necessary, i.e., the first time, this will g
through a somewhat cumbersome process of getting you a Strava access token,
which you have to manually copy from the redirect URL after authorization to the
command line...

3. Create a markdown file of the data using `activity-journal.py`.

4. Convert the markdown to, e.g., PDF using `pandoc`. To handle UTF codes well,
I suggest to use xelatex as a conversion engine:
```
pandoc --pdf-engine=xelatex -o <athlete_id>.pdf <athlete_id>.md
```


# Further comments

Lot's to do, ... as my time allows;-)
- get all (updated) activities, e.g., from a specified date on or for a
  specified date range (input welcome)
- nicer output

If you have any ideas on how to improve `activity journal` please let me know
or, preferably, create a pull request for improvements.

Commit message:

Implement general updates and legal stuff
- add GPL headers (was GPLed before already, but to be specific...)
- add THANKS file
- clean up the markdown generation
- clean up code, use improved variable names
- improve the pandoc formatting via defaults (yaml) file
- adjust instructions in README

README.md, after:

# activity journal

This is a simple no-guarantee tool to create a journal of the notes of your own
Strava activities.



# Installation

None. For now, clone the git repository and run the scripts.


# Usage

1. Register your own API app on the Strava website and create a `settings.py`
   from `settings-template.py` file with the corresponding info.

2. Get your latest activities from Strava and add them to your local database
running `update-data.py`. If necessary, i.e., the first time, this will g
through a somewhat cumbersome process of getting you a Strava access token,
which you have to manually copy from the redirect URL after authorization to the
command line...

3. Create a markdown file of the data using `activity-journal.py`.

4. Convert the markdown to, e.g., PDF using `pandoc`. To handle UTF codes well,
I suggest to use xelatex as a conversion engine; this and further options are
specified via a defaults file.
```
andoc -d pandoc.yaml -o <athlete_id>.pdf <athlete_id>.md
```


# Further comments

If you have any ideas on how to improve `activity journal` please let me know
or, preferably, create a pull request for improvements.

Lot's to do, ... as my time allows;-)
- convert this list to items in the github issue tracker
- get all (updated) activities, e.g., from a specified date on or for a
  specified date range (input welcome)
- nicer output
